---
layout: post
title: The deer and the mental Institution
---

Wet, cold stone walls and damp, stale air was all I knew, as long as I could remember. My earliest memories were of masked men, covered in white clothing. They would bind me down while my little body thrashed under the pain, attempting to break free. Walls made of stone, a small bed, a table with a notebook and pens my only companions. It was all routine. I knew three rooms. My room, which connected to a small bathroom which was even less unimpressive. And a third bigger room with blinding lights and men in white with covered faces. They hurt me. They took me there through a long winding stone hallway, accompanied by ladies in blue and white clothes. They were nice to me. They talked in a soothing tone, and their touch was gentle but they never told me their names. They cared for me after the men in white had done their work. Soon it all became routine. Sleep, wake up, write and draw in the notebooks, go to the room with the blinding lights and men in white, come back, sleep. Every day like clockwork. 
Like every day the ladies came to take me to the big room. “Are you ready Ada?”, one of the nice ladies asked. I nodded. 
They took me through the hallway. First a left, go straight and take the 4th right. Go straight and the third left. But we didn’t take it today. We took that third left every time before. The nurses were talking among themselves, whispering. That was unusual. They would always walk with silence, breaking it only to console me. The nervous whispering gave way to an uncomfortable silence. We walked for another 10 minutes in silence with few nervous whispers. Taking all sorts of turns that we never took before. After one such turn, we came into a bigger hallway that the other ones. “Ada, listen to me”, one of the ladies leaned down looking in my eyes. “We can’t let this continue. Now, do as I say. You go down this hallway towards that light. And you run ok?”, She whispered giving me a green cloth. “This is a green dress. Wear it over your white clothes. It will hide you better in the forest.”
“Forest?”, I asked her. Tears formed in her eyes. She started balling and held me, “You will know when you see it. It’s green and it’s beautiful and no one will hurt you there. You run ok. Go straight and soon you will see water going downhill. You follow that water and you run.”
Sounds started coming the way we came and it scared us. It must have been the men in white. They knew something was wrong. 
“Run!” they yelled and went back to the sound.
I did as they asked, I changed into the green dress and I ran. I ran and ran towards the light. As I got closer I realized that it wasn't the blinding light in the big room. It was gentle and warm. A nice fragrance came from the room I was running towards. I finally reached it and stepped outside. The first time I saw it I thought it was a dream. Green colors everywhere. The ground before me. The walls around me. I never saw so much color before. It was nothing like the stone walls. It was beautiful. The air wasn’t stale, cold and foul. It was fresh. I felt wind for the first time. It overwhelmed me. I looked back at the concrete door that looked out of place in all the green. I heard sounds and remembered I am supposed to run.
I ran straight and fast as hard as I could.  It was the men in white. They were after me and angry. Remembering the things they did to me, I ran faster. I was crying and running as I tried to lose the voices behind me. 
“I am not going back!”
“Never!”
After what seemed like forever The voices became faint and few. My legs hurt and I went into the green walls to hide. I came upon a clearing where I could rest. I heard the water nearby. My mouth dry, I got up and walked to the sound. I looked from behind a tree when I saw it. A clean stream of water flowing down the hill. I could smell and feel it. That’s when I saw it. I froze. It was drinking from the stream. A yellow-brown creature with brown spots. I hid behind the tree. I must have stepped on a branch or startled him, as he was looking towards me. I hid and held my breath trying to be as quiet as possible. Was it gone? What was it?
“I hope it doesn't tell the men in white where I am.”, I thought to myself when I saw it looking at me. I backed off but it followed me I didn’t know what to do. It’s going to hurt me. I covered my face with my hands, crying standing in place.
“Please don’t hurt me”, I pleaded. It came closer to me looking at me, smelling me. I must have smelled foul. It came closer. I could feel it’s breath on my arms. His head was beside mine, eyes on me. 
“Please Don't”, I pleaded again. It licked my cheek and stood there against me.
